- People are following the blind man in the front row. He is obviously making things up. 
- It's obvious who is blind and who sees. The people who see can predict stuff, the blind force their will upon others.
- Physical systems tend to converge. Society has reached a place where the current system is spreading and becomes the new normal. Capitalistic democaracy and monogamy are all part of ideologies. They are not part of biology, we are not birn into working 9 hours a day, we are not birn into schools where children are indoctronated by autrhorative teachers which they must obey and not question. 
- The convergence is currently obviously far far from optimal, I would say if Hitler would win, the difference between this reality and current is way way way smaller than from optimal reality and what we have now. We are basically in hell we have created to ourselves, and not noticing how bad it is because we're getting used to the force applyed on us without our concent in too many cases. The force is sometimes not physical, it's border of society people force each other to obey to. People are afraid to live their comfort zone. 
- We are forced to be obeyed or die of starvation, we don't chose our lives at all. We are following the order becuase if we don't there is a guy with a gun, and they are strong and many. They are following the blind guy, who just got his hands on the best guns in history. 
- We are afraid to try things out, to experiment without our social orders and make out some sense of it. If we will not try at all and make no expriments whatsoever, the system will eventually converge into a place much much worse than it could if we would be willing to risk it. 
- As society we don't have the privilege to be dormant and we must act in order to be in a better place. The current system is pushes people into borders and they don't even feel the pressure, only when you try to do something differently only then you see how hard it is. 
